A man sat at a desk starts watching a video on his computer.
Video isn’t just about pictures - it’s also about sound.
Without the audio, you’d have to guess what this film is about
The video on his computer shows a person speaking to the camera.
It is playing with no audio.
Frustrating isn’t it? Not knowing what’s going on.
The man watching the video has a hearing aid.
That’s the situation for everyone who can’t hear.
He turns on captions for the video playing.
Captions make videos accessible.
Which is also handy for people who want to watch video in loud environments
Another man is watching the captioned video
with a group of people chatting away next to him.
Or where you need to be very, very quiet.
Turns out they are in a library.
The group is shushed by the librarian.
The video is shown playing with the captions on.
Web accessibility: essential for some, useful for all.